Version 7
=========
The video format was revised to add support for
playing sounds while the video is being viewed.
The extention of the new video files is "gvb"
(standing for "Game Video [format version] B").
All needed changes to the game and video player
were made, and backwards-compatibility remained
in place for playing back videos with the "gva"
extention. A video editor was written to divide
the scenes from a video file into separate files
and to also merge separate video files into a
single file. The new video editor does not have
dependencies on any previously written code.
A dynamic key binding system was added to the
game, and the settings can be found in "bind.ini"
(a file in the "source" directory). The file has
been self-documented. "Winner.gvb" is a game
video that shows that all game boards can be
solved. In the "themes" directory, a program
called "Sound Test.py" can be run; it will play
all sounds from the themes and report back how
many sound files are found.